cloud: add release notes 20240604 (#17722)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2024.

## June 4, 2024

**General changes**

- Introduce the Recovery Group feature (beta) for disaster recovery of [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) clusters deployed on AWS.

>     This feature enables you to replicate your databases between TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new recovery group and assigning databases to the group. By replicating databases with recovery groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).

Author: ```suggestion
    This feature enables you to replicate your databases between TiDB Dedicated clusters, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new recovery group and assigning databases to the group. By replicating databases with recovery groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).
```

>     You can now use the new Recovery Group feature for enhanced disaster recovery on TiDB Dedicated clusters deployed on AWS. This feature allows databases to be replicated from one cluster to another, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new Recovery Group and assigning databases to it. By replicating databases with Recovery Groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature allows you to replicate your databases between TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new replication group and assigning databases to the group. By replicating databases with replication groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).
```

Reviewer: The deleted sentence overlaps slightly with what's already stated in line 15.

>     You can now use the new Replication Group feature for enhanced disaster recovery on TiDB Dedicated clusters deployed on AWS. This feature allows databases to be replicated from one cluster to another, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new Replication Group and assigning databases to it. By replicating databases with Replication Groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can now use the new Replication Group feature for enhanced disaster recovery on TiDB Dedicated clusters deployed on AWS. This feature allows databases to be replicated from one cluster to another, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new replication group and assigning databases to the group. By replicating databases with replication groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2024.

## June 4, 2024

**General changes**

- Introduce the Recovery Group feature (beta) for disaster recovery of [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) clusters deployed on AWS.

    This feature enables you to replicate your databases between TiDB Dedicated clusters, ensuring rapid recovery in the event of a regional disaster. If you are in the `Project Owner` role, you can enable this feature by creating a new recovery group and assigning databases to the group. By replicating databases with recovery groups, you can improve disaster readiness, meet stricter availability SLAs, and achieve more aggressive Recovery Point Objectives (RPO) and Recovery Time Objectives (RTO).

    For more information, see [Get started with recovery groups](/tidb-cloud/recovery-group-get-started.md).

> - [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) billing and metering (beta) for the columnar storage [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md).

Author: @qiancai PTAL

> - [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) billing and metering (beta) for the columnar storage [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce billing and metering (beta) for the [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) columnar storage [TiFlash](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md).
```
